In this video, we'll go through the basics of Forex and
Forex Trading Forex also known as foreign exchange
is a global Marketplace for exchanging currencies. It's
the biggest and most accessible Financial Market
in the world with more than six trillion US
Dollars flowing through its daily institutions commercial
and Investments Banks and world events
influence how a currencies value Rises and Falls
making the Forex Market highly volatile. Now,
what is Forex Trading Forex Trading
is the exchange of one currency for another
in the Forex Market, which is open Round the Clock from
Sunday to Friday in Forex Trading. The
currencies are traded in pairs where the first currency is
called base currency and the second one is called quote currency.
For example in the Euro against
US dollar pair euro is the base currency while
the US dollar is the quote currency the price of
this pair represents how much one euro is worth in USD
Forex currency pairs are div.
into three types
major minor and exotic major pairs
are the most actively traded currencies in the Forex Market
minor pairs are less popular and less liquid
pears and lastly exotic pairs are a major
currency paired with a currency of an emerging economy aside
from currency pairs. You can also trade Forex
basket indices basket indices are
weighed indices that measure the value of one currency against
a basket of major currencies each weighted by
20% For example, the Australian dollar
basket measures the value of the Australian dollar against
the US dollar euro British Pounds Sterling
Japanese Yen, and the Canadian dollar. This
means you get to trade Australian dollar against 20%
of the total value of each of the five currencies
giving you more opportunity to spread your
risk ondrive Forex Trading is available
on all platforms and multiple trade types. You
can trade Forex with cfds on Dairy of
mt5 and dare effects with options on D.
And teapot and with multipliers on d-trader and
dare of go check out our other videos to learn
more about how to trade Forex and other markets at
www.derif.com/academy.